# Waffle Takeout 1.0

## Waffle Takeout 1.0.1
_Released 2015.11.25. To download Waffle Takeout 1.x, contact takeout@waffle.io._

_Supported GH:E versions: GH:E 2.2+_

#### New Features

- New Card Look and Feel
  - More compact and graceful look.
- Collapsible Columns
  - Infrequently used columns can now be collapsed on your board.

#### Bug Fixes
- Realtime updates from GitHub
  - The 1.0.0 release introduced an issue around seeing realtime updates that originate from GitHub. This is now fixed.


## Waffle Takeout 1.0.0
_Released 2015.10.14. To download Waffle Takeout 1.x, contact takeout@waffle.io._

_Supported GH:E versions: GH:E 2.2+_

#### New Features

- Services use paths instead of subdomains
  - In the previous release, Waffle Takeout required tricky SSL certificate and DNS configuration to get all the services running correctly. Now, Waffle only requires a single SSL cert (or you can safely run with our self-signed cert), and does not require DNS configuration.
- Purposeful project creation
  - Previously, Waffle automatically created projects when you viewed a repo. This caused unexpected behavior, for users who did not intend to create a project. Now, Waffle prompts you to create a project when viewing a board for the first time.
- API
  - Waffle's API is still in private beta, but we can support any Waffle Takeout customers who want to build custom integrations from Waffle data.
- Easily upgrade permissions
  - Often, users would login with public-only scope and not see all their data. You can now upgrade your permissions from the project dropdown and from your user dashboard.

#### Bug Fixes
- Realtime updates for private repos
- Ranking updates
  - Ranking cards while filtered caused unexpected results. These should be resolved.
